' Verify, maintain and document financial transactions appropriately keeping accounting journals, ledgers and other financial records updated accordingly. ', ' Actively participate in the month-end closing process leading to the submission of accurate monthly management accounts in a timely manner. Take ownership of periodic reconciliations such as accruals, prepayments and related party reconciliations by collecting and analysing account information. Take ownership of balance sheet and income statement checks for all group entities as part of the month-end closing process. Assist in the day-to-day accounting tasks and invoicing procedures and support the accountancy manager and other accounting staff with any other assignments as instructed by management from time to time. Assist in the preparation of error-free financial reports such as financial statements and budget performance. Compile VAT workings, prepare the VAT returns for submission and ensure that the relevant taxes are paid properly and on time. Assist the team with the statutory audit and liaise with external auditors as necessary. Aid in the implementation of new accounting policies, standards and guidelines. Ensure compliance with applicable standards, rules, regulations and systems of internal control. Review cost centre transactional postings and ensure variances to budget and forecast are reviewed and explained and any amendments are processed. Develop and document business processes and accounting policies to maintain and strengthen internal controls. Perform other ad hoc analysis and tasks as may be required. ', ' A fully qualified accountant through ACCA or similar ', " Preferably with a minimum of 2 years' experience within accounting in the gaming industry Has a sound knowledge of IFRS reporting standards Able to work against stringent deadlines and deliver in a timely manner Able to work well within a team and communicate with colleagues at all levels Highly proficient in the use of Microsoft applications especially Microsoft Excel Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English Self-driven and keen to develop skills and enhance knowledge ", ' Private health insurance Wellness incentives, including gym passes Gourmet lunches and healthy snacks prepared by our in-house chefs Access to some of the greatest tools and platforms for developing your professional skills and building success within your role A range of training courses, known as Casumo College, for continuous learning and growth An incredibly diverse team of smart, kind and motivated colleagues from more than 30 countries Social events for building strong relationships with colleagues from all across the organisation '